Ah, that Mama general manager made a monstrous mistake
I'll clear the door to my assistant
Miss Shi, don't be too nervous.
That's good. That scared me.
I thought I was going out
It's not him it's me
It's all my idea
Why are you here?
I'll send a file and be right back
Hey, handsome sister
You can directly replace Manager Ma in the future
He was fired. Really?
Let's go
I swap relationships with the president
You are not allowed to say ambiguous things to anyone in the company about this matter.
Because go back and tell the oath
Don't touch those who shouldn't be touched
Otherwise it's you this time
Next time.
Do you understand?
It's all ordered
Don't worry about the identity of Shu Yan and Mourning Bug.
I've got it. That's pretty much it.
Nothing else.
But Shu Yan kept a pill in her bag
I just tried to get him.
You go and change it.
Yes
You do seem to have forgotten what happened to us
I don't know who I am
But what has happened to you over the years?
I would like to know.